Assignment name: mini_serv

Expected files: mini_serv.c

Allowed functions:
write, close, select, poll, socket, accept, listen, send, recv, bind,
strstr, malloc, realloc, free, calloc, bzero, atoi, sprintf, strlen,
exit, strcpy, strcat, memset, htons, htonl

---

Write a program that listens for clients to connect on a specific port on
127.0.0.1 and allows clients to communicate with each other.

This program takes the port to bind to as its first argument.
If no argument is provided, it should write to stderr
"Wrong number of arguments\n"
and exit with status 1.

If a system call returns an error before the program starts accepting
connections, it should write to stderr
"Fatal error\n"
and exit with status 1.

If memory allocation fails, it should write to stderr
"Fatal error\n"
and exit with status 1.

Your program must be non-blocking, but clients may be unresponsive, and if
they do not read your message, you must NOT disconnect them.

Your program must not contain #define preprocessor directives.

Your program must listen only on the local IP address 127.0.0.1.

The fd that you will receive using accept will already be set to make recv
or send block if select or poll hasn't been called before calling them, but
will not block otherwise.

When a client connects to the server:
- The client will be assigned an id. The first client will receive the id 0,
  and each new client will receive the last client's id + 1.
- The server sends a message to all already connected clients:
  "server: client %d just arrived\n",
  using the previously mentioned id.

Clients must be able to send messages to your program:
- Messages will consist only of printable characters, so there is no need
  to check.
- A single message can contain multiple '\n'.
- When the server receives the message, it must resend it to all other
  clients with
  "client %d: "
  prefixed to every line.

When a client disconnects from the server:
- The server sends a message to all remaining connected clients:
  "server: client %d just left\n".

Memory or fd leaks are prohibited.

To assist you, you will find the file main.c containing the beginnings of a
server and possibly some useful functions. Note that this file uses
prohibited functions or displays things that must not be present in your
final program.

Warning: our tester expects you to send the messages as quickly as possible.
Avoid unnecessary buffering.

The evaluation process may take longer than usual.

Hint: You can use nc to test your program.
Hint: You should use nc to test your program.
Hint: To test, you can use fcntl(fd, F_SETFL, O_NONBLOCK), but use select
or poll and NEVER check EAGAIN (man 2 send).
